What did you ask Copilot to help you build? How did you break down the problem?
I asked Copilot to build a social media web based on posting pictures(like Instagram), where people can share, like and comments someone else pictures. I divided the problem in different stages. Firsly I created the homepage, creating the posts, likes buttons and comments. After that I set the style of the whole website. Later, I created the profile page where you can edit your information ,as your bio, picture and being able to save it and updating it. Finally , the share page was maken, where people can upload a picture, add a bio for that picture and save the post. Some changes and errores were maken, as editing the style, icons, fonts and backgrounds.
How did your approach to asking questions change as you worked?
Sometimes I needed to reask the questions because some tasks were uncompleted. Explanation has to be real good to make Copilot able to complete perfectly your task.
What parts of the development process with GitHub Copilot surprised you?
The time that it took to solve the problems. For example, when I firstly asked to create an html based on the characteristics that the page has, it just took 20 seconds to create hundreds of lines of code, that althought it was not something complicated, for a person would have taken at least 5 minutes. The process of coding has been turned into shorter spaces of times that help a lot the basics functions of coding that usually take long.
What did you learn about the technology you used that you didn't know before?
I learn how to use this tool for tasks that usually take too long for humans beings and they are not too important to create an application. As I said before, creating the struture of the HTML and the CSS are tasks that have been improved by this AI in my opinion.
What would you do differently if you had to build this again?
I would divide my tasks in shorter commands. The steps to complete this task will be shorter than I did , so they can be more specific and make better my application. However, I would not give the instructions in the same way that I did, I will use more specific terms and longer explanations.